let's look at some of the features of
this product the Polk Audio PSW 5:05
12-inch single powered subwoofer is the
perfect addition to any home stereo or
home theater speaker system it is
equipped with a 12 inch long throw
woofer with a rating of up to 300 watts
of continuous power and unfiltered LFE
input for use with low pass filtered
subwoofer output jacks
it also features slot mode venting for
minimal distortion and
professional-grade five-way binding
posts for speaker inputs and outputs
unlike other subwoofers the PSW 5:05
comes equipped with a magnet shield
making placement next to any other
electronic equipment possible for energy
efficiency the automatic on and off
circuit will instantaneously turn the
amplifier on when a signal is sensed and
it will instantly turn it off after 15
minutes of idle time now let's have a
look at some of the positive and
negative reviews for this product
reviewers noted that this sub is loud
and clear above 35 Hertz but once the
hertz level falls below that the port
starts to make slight noises especially
in a smaller room now let's have a look
at some of the positive feedback
reviewers were highly impressed with the
performance of this sub stating that the
bass was clear deep and loud which
imitates an IMAX theater perfectly
here's our conclusion Polk is one of the
leading manufacturers for high quality
home audio systems and the PSW 5:05
subwoofer is the perfect example when
performance style and affordability are
what you want in a subwoofer we believe
that the Polk Audio PSW 5:05 won't let
you down for more information on this
product click on the link below